The Fool: Look before you leap!

It’s time for a new adventure, but there is a level of risk. Consider your options carefully, and when you are sure, take that leap of faith.

Home: If you are a parent, The Fool can show a young person leaving home. Otherwise, it predicts a sociable time, with lots of visitors – who may also help you with a new project.

Love and Relationships: A new path takes you towards love; this card often appears after a break-up.

Career and Money: A great opportunity awaits. Seize it while you can.

Spiritual Development: New discoveries. You are finding your soul’s path

Is he upside down? Beware false promises and naiveté. Don’t lose touch with reality
%
The Magician: Go, go go!

It’s time for action - your travel plans, business and creative projects are blessed. You have the energy and wisdom you need to make it happen now. Others see your talent.

Home: Home becomes a hub where others gather to share ideas; a time for harmony and fun.

Relationships and love: Great communication in established relationships. For singles, the beginning of new love. In friendships, old misunderstandings are forgiven.

Career and money: Inspiration from a leader or manager, or a new position or direction in your career. Money flows, because you’re clever and creative with your income and ideas.

Is he upside down? False appearances. A scheme or project you’re involved in doesn’t ring true. A further meaning is a creative block, and travel plans being put on hold.
%
The High Priestess: Your intuition is always right

Your dreams and your intuition provide the answers you need. This is a psychic card, revealing that truth comes from unconventional sources. You may find a wonderful course,
guide or advisor at this time.

Home: A time for privacy. You may need to study, read, or enjoy peace and quiet. Cloister yourself away if you need to.

Relationships and love: Hidden issues; guidance in love.

Career and money: Wise advice from a trusted source. Personal empowerment at work; success comes through looking at what’s missing, rather than what’s there.

Spiritual development: Help from a mentor; a deepening of your commitment.

Is she upside down? You may be let down by an authority figure pro other person you trust; there’s a side to this situation that has been covered up - until now
%
The Empress: Life is abundant

Enjoy this productive, joyful time when you’ll have the energy to develop your projects, decorate your home, spend time with children, and give yourself a little luxury. Money
flows and love grows under The Empress’s influence.

Home: Contentment and harmony at home. You might consider extending your home or premises.

Relationships and love: The mother, or nurturing woman; the wife or partner. Children and family, love and happiness.

Career and money: You’re managing your money and other resources well, and can help others, too. Work-wise, this is a time of career growth. Your past efforts will be rewarded.

Spiritual development: Give time to your creative projects now. Creativity helps connect us with our spiritual, intuitive side.

Is she upside down? Household problems, lack of time and money, and even a difficult older woman are the meanings of the Empress reversed. Hold on - things will improve if you
keep calm.
%
The Emperor: All is in order

Help, protection and the influence of a powerful individual for whom action speaks louder than words. Tradition is the watchword of The Emperor, so this is a time to play by the
rules rather than flout convention.

Home: Caring for your home; setting the boundaries of your property; order restored after conflict and arguments.

Relationships and love: A partner, husband, father or father-figure. Honouring your relationships is key now.

Career and money: Strong leadership, promotion and success. Good work-life balance.

Spiritual development: Your guides protect you.

Is he upside down? Disorder; a controlling boss or older relative, poor leadership at work, bullying and upset in relationships. This person may oppose you, but view this as an
opportunity to assert your own values.
%
The Hierophant: As above, so below

The Hierophant stands for unity. In your everyday life, he shows you committing to your goals so they become reality; you take action rather than daydream. He’s also a symbol of
education, asking you to know yourself more deeply and to be open to new wisdom.

Home: Progress with projects; sharing your space with others harmoniously.

Relationships: Unity and intimacy in your relationships; marriage and commitment. Career and money: A diplomatic approach advances your career. Being generous helps money
flow back to you.

Spiritual development: Deepening your spiritual understanding, often within a supportive community.

Is he upside down? Perfectionism, self-criticism, and chaos in communities and at home. Projects become blocked due to miscommunication. If possible, step back and redefine
what you alone want, regardless of others.
%
The Lovers: Make your decision

There’s amazing potential for lasting love, or reward, but you’ll need to make a mature choice that takes into account long-term rather than short-term benefits. Consider your
future rather than old attitudes that don’t serve you.

Home: Deciding where you’re going to live, and who with, for future happiness.

Relationships and love: An important relationship; falling in love.

Career and money: Consider your options carefully. Long-term investment in work and financial schemes may bring more fulfilment that a short-term cash fix.

Spiritual development: Being at one with yourself and the universe. Self-compassion keeps love flowing.

Are they upside down? Choosing the easier option under pressure and in relationships, feeling betrayed or let down by a partner. Don’t sacrifice your needs to keep the peace; put
yourself first, even if that means walking away.
%
The Chariot says: You can move on with confidence

It’s time to take charge and move on. This may be a physical journey, or progress in work, relationships and projects. The Chariot often arrives in a reading after a major decision
prompted by cards such as The Lovers, Judgment or The Moon.

Home: Travel is your priority now, rather than home comforts. You may also welcome visitors from other states or countries.

Relationships and love: An established relationship grows This card can also appear after a break-up to show you’re determinedly moving on.

Career and money: Great leaps forward. You’re on the path to success; financial reward is coming.

Spiritual development: Leadership, and working with groups to support their learning. You may need time out for your own quiet reflection.

Is he upside down? Journeys and projects are delayed; a wrong turning. Recheck your plans and pay attention to detail you can fix. There’s arrogance around just now, too.